Mention AI metadata extraction opt out (#1709)
inngest/website: pages/docs/reference/typescript/v4/client/create.mdx

  <Property name="middleware" type="array">
    A stack of [middleware](/docs/features/middleware) to add to the client.
  </Property>
  <Property name="aiMetadata" type="boolean">

>     Automatically extract AI metadata from OpenTelemetry spans created while steps run and attach it to the step. Defaults to `true`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Automatically extract AI metadata from OpenTelemetry spans instrumented with Open Inference in step runs. Metadata is attached to its step. Defaults to `true`.
```

what do you think? calling out Open Inference specifically and splitting sentence
